Author’s Publications 
 
Journal Papers 
 
[1] Dongyun Lin, Lei Sun, Kar-Ann Toh, Jing Bo Zhang, and Zhiping Lin. Twin SVM 
with a reject option through ROC curve. Journal of the Franklin Institute, 355(4):1710 
– 1732, 2018. Special Issue on Recent advances in machine learning for signal 
analysis and processing. 
 
[2] Dongyun Lin, Lei Sun, Kar-Ann Toh, Jing Bo Zhang, and Zhiping Lin. Biomedical 
image classification based on a cascade of an SVM with a reject option and 
subspace analysis. Computers in Biology and Medicine, 96:128 – 140, 2018. 
 
 
Conference Papers 
 
[1] Dongyun Lin, Zhiping Lin, Ramraj Velmurugan, and Raimund J Ober. Automatic 
endosomal structure detection and localization in fluorescence microscopic images. 
In Circuits and Systems (ISCAS), 2017 IEEE International Symposium on, pages 1–
4. IEEE, 2017. 
 
[2] Dongyun Lin, Zhiping Lin, Lei Sun, Kar-Ann Toh, and Jiuwen Cao. LLC encoded 
BoW features and softmax regression for microscopic image classification. In 
Circuits and Systems (ISCAS), 2017 IEEE International Symposium on, pages 1–4. 
IEEE, 2017. 
 
[3] Dongyun Lin, Zhiping Lin, Shakeela Sothiharan, Lei Lei, and Jingbo Zhang. An 
SVM based scoring evaluation system for fluorescence microscopic image 
classification. In Digital Signal Processing (DSP), 2015 IEEE International 
Conference on, pages 543–547. IEEE, 2015. 
 
[4] Xu Zhang, Yunfeng Liang, Dongyun Lin, Zhiping Lin, Steven Tien Guan Thng, 
Emily Yiping Gan, and Evelyn Yuxin Tay. Reaction-diffusion based level set method 
with local entropy thresholding for melasma image segmentation. In Control, 
Automation, Robotics and Vision (ICARCV), 2016 14th International Conference on, 
pages 1–5. IEEE, 2016. 
 
[5] Long D. Nguyen, Dongyun Lin, Zhiping Lin, and Jiuwen Cao. Deep CNNs for 
microscopic image classification by exploiting transfer learning and feature 
concatenation. In Circuits and Systems (ISCAS), 2018 IEEE International 
Symposium on. IEEE, Accepted, 2018. 

-----
